(GH-2759) Add 'analytics' config option to disable analytics (#2763)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/analytics.md

## Opt out of data collection

You can opt out of data collection by modifying Bolt's analytics configuration

> file. This file is located in the user's home directory at `<HOME

Reviewer: We also need to update https://github.com/puppetlabs/bolt/pull/2763/files#diff-eadede6f594353cfaf24138e4b22335b58e711eff9ca3121a84d67c5fda19bb5R84 to similarly recommend setting `analytics: false` in user-level configuration instead.

### Bolt configuration

To disable data collection, set `analytics: false` in your [configuration
file](configuring_bolt.md). This option is supported in the system-wide,
user-level, and project configuration files.

```yaml
# bolt-defaults.yaml
analytics: false
```

> Setting the `analytics: false` option cannot be overridden in another
> configuration file. For example, setting `analytics: true` in a project
> configuration file will not enable data collection if you have set
> `analytics: false` in the system-wide or user-level configuration file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting the `analytics: false` option in a configuration file disables
data collection universally. You cannot override the option by setting
it to `true` in another configuration file. For example, setting 
`analytics: true` in a project configuration file does not enable data 
collection if you've set `analytics: false` in the system-wide or user-level 
configuration file.
```
